OCPBUGS#11599: simplify storage config example (#58699)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/microshift-lvms-config-example-basic.adoc

{product-title} supports passing through your LVM configuration and allows you to specify custom volume groups, thin volume provisioning parameters, and reserved unallocated volume group space. You can edit the LVMS configuration file you created at any time. You must restart {product-title} to deploy configuration changes after editing the file.

The following `lvmd.yaml` example file shows a basic LVMS configuration:

.LVMS configuration example

[source,yaml]
----
socket-name: <1>
device-classes: <2>
  - name: "default" <3>
    volume-group: "VGNAMEHERE" <4>
    spare-gb: 0 <5>
    default: <6>
----
<1> String. The UNIX domain socket endpoint of gRPC. Defaults to  '/run/lvmd/lvmd.socket'.
<2> A list of maps for the settings for each `device-class`.
<3> String. The name of the `device-class`.
<4> String. The group where the `device-class` creates the logical volumes.
<5> Unsigned 64-bit integer. Storage capacity in GiB to be left unallocated in the volume group. Defaults to `0`.
<6> Boolean. Indicates that the `device-class` is used by default. Defaults to `false`. At least one value must be entered in the YAML file values when this is set to `true`.

> //Q: still true that value defaults to false?

Reviewer: @ShaunaDiaz Do you still need an answer to this Q?

Author: @mburke5678 Not for this PR, no.

----
socket-name: <1>
device-classes: <2>
  - name: "default" <3>
    volume-group: "VGNAMEHERE" <4>
    spare-gb: 0 <5>
    default: <6>
----
<1> String. The UNIX domain socket endpoint of gRPC. Defaults to  '/run/lvmd/lvmd.socket'.

> <2> `map[string]DeviceClass`. The `device-class` settings.

Reviewer 2: "map[string]DeviceClass" makes sense to a go programmer, but may not to a sysadmin.

```suggestion
<2> A list of maps for the settings for each `device-class`.
```

<3> String. The name of the `device-class`.
<4> String. The group where the `device-class` creates the logical volumes.

> <5> Unit64. Storage capacity in GiB to be left unallocated in the volume group. Defaults to `0`.

Reviewer 2: This was probably `uint64` at some point, and "uint" is "unsigned integer".

```suggestion
<5> Unsigned 64-bit integer. Storage capacity in GiB to be left unallocated in the volume group. Defaults to `0`.
```
